Update hello-deployment-guide.md (#4568)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-deployment-guide.md

**Applies to**
-   Windows 10, version 1703 or later

Windows Hello for Business is the springboard to a world without passwords. It replaces username and password sign-in to Windows with strong user authentication based on an asymmetric key pair.

This deployment guide is to guide you through deploying Windows Hello for Business, based on the planning decisions made using the Planning a Windows Hello for Business Deployment Guide. It provides you with the information needed to successfully deploy Windows Hello for Business in an existing environment.

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: I agree that this note does not work here, for a number of reasons - firstly it combines a direct quote from the OP (our job is to investigate and amend the content, not simply paste their issue text/comments verbatim into the content),  with a reference to  features (but the link is to remote access biometrics - this can be added to the existing note at line 64 in the relative link style - see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/contribute/markdown-reference#bookmark-links

> > Two Azure AD Connect synchronisations are required in order for WHfB to begin working.

Reviewer: This part of the issue may be relevant and could be added to ASSUMPTIONS but you will need to research and clarify the information - pasting in issue comments without even editing for style does not improve the content your job is to investigate and amend the content where necessary, not simply paste their issue text/comments verbatim into the content),  And a link or something to back up the claim would help - you can provide this in your commit text or add to the content depending on the source.

> > Two Azure AD Connect synchronisations are required in order for WHfB to begin working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Two Azure AD Connect synchronizations are required in order for WHfB to begin working.
```

> > For more features, see [Windows Hello for Business Features](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-features#remote-desktop-with-biometrics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

**Applies to**
-   Windows 10, version 1703 or later

Windows Hello for Business is the springboard to a world without passwords. It replaces username and password sign-in to Windows with strong user authentication based on an asymmetric key pair.

This deployment guide is to guide you through deploying Windows Hello for Business, based on the planning decisions made using the Planning a Windows Hello for Business Deployment Guide. It provides you with the information needed to successfully deploy Windows Hello for Business in an existing environment.

> [!NOTE]
> Two Azure AD Connect synchronisations are required in order for WHfB to begin working.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For more features see [Windows Hello for Business Features](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-features#remote-desktop-with-biometrics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For more features see [Windows Hello for Business Features](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-features#remote-desktop-with-biometrics).
```

## Deployment and trust models

> 

Reviewer 2: Cosmetic: not strictly needed blank line
```suggestion
```

## Deployment and trust models

> > [!IMPORTANT]

Reviewer: This information is already in the article, in a note at line 56

> > [!IMPORTANT]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> > The remote desktop with biometrics feature only works with certificate trust deployments.  The feature takes advantage of the redirected smart card capabilities of the remote desktop protocol.  Microsoft continues to investigate supporting this feature for key trust deployments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* The certificate-trust model is for enterprise that *do* want to issue end-entity certificates to their users and have the benefits of certificate expiration and renewal, similar to how smart cards work today. 
* The certificate trust model also supports enterprises which are not ready to deploy Windows Server 2016 Domain Controllers.

For additional information about directory sync, including hybrid deployments (Azure Active Directory) see the Hybrid Windows Hello for Business [certificate trust prerequisites](hello-hybrid-cert-trust-prereqs.md#directory-synchronization) and [key trust prerequisites](hello-hybrid-key-trust-prereqs.md#directory-synchronization).

> >[!NOTE]

Reviewer 2: Recommended MarkDown spacing (1 space after the indent marker `>` )
```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
```

> >Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) does not support authentication with Windows Hello for Business key trust deployments. RDP is only supported with certificate trust deployments at this time. See [Remote Desktop with Biometrics](hello-features.md#remote-desktop-with-biometrics) to learn more.

Reviewer 2: Recommended MarkDown spacing (1 space after the indent marker `>` )
```suggestion
> Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) does not support authentication with Windows Hello for Business key trust deployments. RDP is only supported with certificate trust deployments at this time. See [Remote Desktop with Biometrics](hello-features.md#remote-desktop-with-biometrics) to learn more.
```

> * The certificate-trust model is for enterprise that *do* want to issue end-entity certificates to their users and have the benefits of certificate expiration and renewal, similar to how smart cards work today. 

Reviewer: Here is where you could add the OPs other comments about Key Trust, if they are valid.

* The certificate trust model also supports enterprises which are not ready to deploy Windows Server 2016 Domain Controllers.

> For additional information regarding directory sync, including hybrid deployments (Azure Active Directory) using cert and key trusts models see [Hybrid Windows Hello for Business Prerequisites](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-hybrid-cert-trust-prereqs#directory-synchronization) and [Hybrid Key trust Windows Hello for Business Prerequisites](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-hybrid-key-trust-prereqs#directory-synchronization).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional information about directory sync, including hybrid deployments (Azure Active Directory) see the Hybrid Windows Hello for Business Prerequisites for [certificate trusts](hello-hybrid-cert-trust-prereqs.md#directory-synchronization) and [key trusts](hello-hybrid-key-trust-prereqs.md#directory-synchronization).
```

>[!NOTE]

> >RDP does not support authentication with Windows Hello for business key trust deployments. RDP is only supported with certificate trust deployments at this time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) does not support authentication with Windows Hello for Business key trust deployments. RDP is only supported with certificate trust deployments at this time. See [Remote Desktop with Biometrics](hello-features.md#remote-desktop-with-biometrics) to learn more.
```

Following are the various deployment guides and models included in this topic:
- [Hybrid Azure AD Joined Key Trust Deployment](hello-hybrid-key-trust.md)
- [Hybrid Azure AD Joined Certificate Trust Deployment](hello-hybrid-cert-trust.md)
- [Azure AD Join Single Sign-on Deployment Guides](hello-hybrid-aadj-sso.md)
- [On Premises Key Trust Deployment](hello-deployment-key-trust.md)
- [On Premises Certificate Trust Deployment](hello-deployment-cert-trust.md)

> [!NOTE]

> > This article covers all deployment models including on-premises. On-premises deployments, both key and certificate trust, use the Azure MFA server where the credentials are not synchronized to Azure Active Directory. For more information see [Validate and Deploy Multifactor Authentication Services (MFA)](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-key-trust-validate-deploy-mfa) and [Validate and Deploy Multifactor Authentication Services (MFA)](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-cert-trust-validate-deploy-mfa).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This article covers all deployment models including on-premises. On-premises deployments, both key and certificate trust, use the Azure MFA server where the credentials are not synchronized to Azure Active Directory. Learn how to [deploy Multifactor Authentication Services (MFA) for key trusts](hello-key-trust-validate-deploy-mfa.md) and [for certificate trusts](hello-cert-trust-validate-deploy-mfa.md).
```
